Update Tutotial/Get-Started (#1203)
vdaas/vald: docs/tutorial/get-started.md

- helm: v3 ~
- libhdf5 (_only required for this tutorial._)

> Helm is used for deploy Vald on your kubernetes and Hdf5 is used for running example code.<br>

Reviewer: Maybe it is better?
```suggestion
Helm is used to deploy Vald on your Kubernetes and Hdf5 is used to decode the sample data file to run the example.<br>
```
